chore: add example code to adr 239 (#270)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-239-avatar-assembly-changes.md

### Example code
```typescript

function getHiddenList(profile: UserProfile): HideableCategory[] {
   const alreadyHidden = new Set<HideableWearableCategory>()
   const wearables: Map<WearableCategory, Wearable> = profile.wearables
   for (const category of categoriesPriority) {
      const wearable = wearables.get(category)
      if (!wearable) {
         continue
      }

      if (alreadyHidden.has(category)) {
         continue
      }
      
      // getHides provides the union of hides and replaces given the representation
      //    and also add the provided by the category (skin case) 
      for (const slot of getHides(wearable, profile.bodyShape)) {
         alreadyHidden.add(slot)
      }
   }

   return Array.from(alreadyRemoved).filter(category => !profile.includes(category))
}

// 1) Build the hidden list
const toHide = getHiddenList(profile)

// 2) Remove the hidden wearables
for (const category of toHide) {
   wearables.delete(category)
}

// 3) Compute the current hidden list for hiding parts of the bodyshape
const hidden = getHiddenList(profile)

> const bodyShape = getBodyShape(profile, hidden)

Reviewer: What is the difference between `toHide` and `hidden` here?

Author: I've just fixed a parameter for the `hidden` one.
- `toHide` is the categories that are going to be hide **in the wearable list**
- given the already known wearables are in the list, `hidden` is the categories union of hides of those wearable list, and also applies for the bodyShape, at this point, wearable list is immutable

With this consideration, forceRender is a parameter that once you have a wearable list, you can go to pick one by one the visibility, but force-rendering a specific category is not going to change the `toHide` list (only by the element you pick), on the `hidden` list hand, it might change because it's assuming the entire wearable list is already visible

* Request the wearables listed in the profile wearables field, all wearables listed are the equipped ones, no matter their visibility. ( `POST https://content-server/content/active {"pointers": ["urn1", "urn2"]}` )
* Process the hide list provided in each wearable following the visualization priority ( the field is the array `data.hides` in each wearable definition )
* Apply any force render category listed in the forceRender array in the profile definition ( obtained in the profile response called `forceRender` )

### Example code
```typescript

/** 
 * @param profile - holds the wearables equipped, bodyShape and the forceRender parameter

>  * @param forceAll - wheter if ALL the hides in wearables equipped should be considered or not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param forceAll - whether ALL the hides in wearables equipped should be considered or not 
```
